Thine face is not worth sunburning.
I'll beat thee, but I would infect my hands.
Methink'st thou art a general offence and every man should beat thee.
You scullion! You rampallian! You fustilarian! I'll tickle your catastrophe!
Villain, I have done thy mother
Thou art as fat as butter.
Thou sodden-witted lord! Thou hast no more brain than I have in mine elbows 
Away, you three-inch fool!
Away, you starvelling, you elf-skin, you dried neat’s-tongue, bull’s-pizzle, you stock-fish!
Away, you three-inch fool! 
Come, come, you froward and unable worms!
Go, prick thy face, and over-red thy fear, Thou lily-liver’d boy.
I am pigeon-liver’d and lack gall.
I am sick when I do look on thee 
I must tell you friendly in your ear, sell when you can, you are not for all markets.
If thou wilt needs marry, marry a fool; for the wise know well enough what monsters you make of them.
I’ll beat thee, but I would infect my hands.
I scorn you, scurvy companion. 
More of your conversation would infect my brain.
Peace, ye fat guts!
Aroint thee: go away, rump-fed runion: slut
The rankest compound of villainous smell that ever offended nostril
The tartness of his face sours ripe grapes.
There’s no more faith in thee than in a stewed prune.
Thine forward voice, now, is to speak well of thine friend; thine backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract.
That trunk of humours, that bolting-hutch of beastliness, that swollen parcel of dropsies, that huge bombard of sack, that stuffed cloak-bag of guts, that roasted Manningtree ox with pudding in his belly, that reverend vice, that grey Iniquity, that father ruffian, that vanity in years?
Thou art a boil, a plague sore
Was the Duke a flesh-monger, a fool and a coward?
Like the toad; ugly and venomous.
Thou art unfit for any place but hell.
Thou cream faced loon
Thou clay-brained guts, thou knotty-pated fool, thou whoreson obscene greasy tallow-catch!
Thou damned and luxurious mountain goat.
Thou elvish-mark’d, abortive, rooting hog!
Thou leathern-jerkin, crystal-button, knot-pated, agatering, puke-stocking, caddis-garter, smooth-tongue, Spanish pouch!
Thou lump of foul deformity
Thou sodden-witted lord! Thou hast no more brain than I have in mine elbows 
Thou subtle, perjur’d, false, disloyal man!
Thou whoreson zed , thou unnecessary letter!
Thy sin’s not accidental, but a trade.
Thy tongue outvenoms all the worms of Nile.
You poor, base, rascally, cheating lack-linen mate! 
You are as a candle, the better burnt out.
You scullion! You rampallian! You fustilarian! I’ll tickle your catastrophe!
You starvelling, you eel-skin, you dried neat’s-tongue, you bull’s-pizzle, you stock-fish–O for breath to utter what is like thee!-you tailor’s-yard, you sheath, you bow-case, you vile standing tuck!
Your brain is as dry as the remainder biscuit after voyage.
Villain, I have done thy mother
Heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell
Out of my sight! Thou dost infect mine eyes.
No longer from head to foot than from hip to hip, she is spherical, like a globe; I could find countries in her.
You have such a February face, So full of frost, of storm, and cloudiness.